# Maggie
## Walking
 On the way to the Soopers the droning of the garbage truck from the alley running parallel to her sidewalk curved around the buildings over to Maggie. Around 120 Hz. She guessed. At least when it wasn't moving. Up to 300 when it moved it on to the next dumpster. Frankie would have mentioned something about the manner in which lower frequency sounds move through the atmosphere and through the ground. Lower frequencies are much more difficult to localize. Their wavelength is so much longer that the ear just has a hard time processing, especially inside. It's a little easier outside, there are more audio context clues like the resonance of the bricks it bounces off and the ways the sound changes as you pass by the spaces between buildings. It's so much louder when passing one of these spaces that no one would question where it was coming from. This happens a level of conciousness a little above the level of just localizing audio input. A lot of that processing relies on the time difference between the arrival of sound in one ear as opposed to the other. And that's just too fast for to practically observe with your conciousness. The combination of the visual timing and the sounds is a bit above that level. You can observe that happening without trouble, although you wouldn't bother most of the time and just let the lower levels take care of it. Frankie always tried to get Maggie to observe those processes and wonder at their speed and usefulness. Frankie seemed to have some way of bringing up the quick lower processes to the forefront of her mind when it suited her and lowering down others when she couldn't be bothered. Or at least, that's how Frankie always made it seem. Frankie was full of it. Dead now. The beeping of the truck's reverse has moved on to the end of the block, beating her to the store. She wondered if she'd ever be able to teach any of her students how to think more like Frankie. But maybe that wasn't going to do them any good anyways. Everything was wet. Spring was so noisy. Not just because the people and the animals were finally moving around more that absolutely necessary, The ear muffs of winter were finally off and sound moved through the air like an needy toddler that refused to just be alone for a minute.
She made it through the isles without thinking more than necessary. She wasn't even sure what she was putting in her cart but it would probably turn into enough dinners for the week. She was in the cleaning supplies isle. She probably needed dish detergent. There was also a small section for books and magazines. She was holding a book, "I'll Tell You". It told her that she'd already tried it her way and it was time to stop that. She needed to try it the book's way. Just try it. I promise Maggie.
It was a self-help book, Maggie recognized it as that. Cheap trash which only served to ensnare people in what was at best a lifestyle for sale and at worst a scam for those who didn't know any better. More than that, self-help was for people who needed help. Maggie was fine. She had a job, she wasn't on the edge of anything.
